chore(style): clarify hero responsibilities (#14358)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/style-guide/writing-docs/article-templates/whats-new-tech-writer-tasks.mdx

## Specific tech writer tasks for posts [#specific-writing-tasks]

The daily hero has the following responsibilities each day:

* **Merge scheduled posts:** Check the `Scheduled work` column on the Github board for any `What's new` posts that have already been approved and are scheduled to merge that day. For example, if Monday's hero reviewed and approved a post scheduled to go live on your Wednsday hero shift, you should merge that PR.

> * **Review any incoming posts:** Any `What's new` posts that come in should be reviewed and approved during your hero shift. This includes basic copy edits, ensuring correct image formatting, and confirming a successful preview build. Edit the title to the day it should be published and then move the PR to the `Scheduled work` column. Reviewing PRs as they appear ensures a smooth release once they are ready to merge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Review any incoming posts:** Any `What's new` posts that come in should be reviewed and approved during your hero shift. This includes basic copy edits, ensuring correct image formatting, and confirming a successful preview build. Edit the title to the day it should be published and then move the PR to the `Scheduled work` column. By reviewing PRs as they arrive, you ensure a smooth release once they are ready to merge. 
```

Reviewer: @bradleycamacho you might add another comment like this: If you can't complete a "What's new" post review during your hero shift, please alert the hero taking the next shift so that they can complete it.
